---
title: Story
---

### Summary

Our story takes place in the beautiful Northern Sword Coast, beginning in the town of Port Llast. Port Llast, best known for it's stonecutters and harbour works, have been dealing with their neighbours, the Luskans, for centuries. The two peoples have been in a "cold war" for a long time but there are talks that it will soon come to a head. It's business as usual in the two port cities for now, but everybody is living on edge and finding it difficult to trust anybody. Outsiders are treated with great suspicion, and are held for ransom by local militias if found out to be associated with the enemy. The Saga of Atlantagor follows the adventures of Johnny Atlanta and his friends as they stumble into the middle of this ancient battle for land, money, and power. In the midst of it all, they will awaken an ancient mystery that hasn't been uncovered for a thousand years.

## Prologue

"Johnathan! Wake up!"

He pulled the covers up over his head.

"Alright. Another one of those mornings, eh?"

He could hear the door hinges creak now. Johnathan pulled the covers down, darting his eyes towards the racket. The barrier he put up was coming undone. With one fell swoop, before he could readjust, the door splintered open and the frame crashed to the floor. The blast catapulted him backwards onto the floor. He sat up and saw a large shadowy figure appear above him. Grandfather Angus Atlanta.

"What did I tell you about barring off this door!? You know full well I know how to open it. I'm even a locksmith for the gods sake! Stupid boy."

"I'm sorry Grandpa, but I just-"

Angus' brow furrowed. His large, bushy red eyebrows met each other low in the middle of his forehead.

"Fuck yer apology! I know ye don't mean it and I don't want any excuses anymore. Get up and get dressed. It's time to work."

"But Grandpa..."

"No fucking buts Johnny boy! If you stopped making excuses and started putting in an effort around here I wouldn't need to push you this hard. Peter wasn't this goddamn lazy and look where he is!"

"I'm not Peter, grandpa!"

"I know you ain't! Might be better if you were! Now get up!"

Angus took what remained of the door and threw it at Johnathan's head. A nail came flying out of the wood and stuck in the wall. The rest of the frame connected with the side of Johnny's mouth.

Johnny looked down and picked a tooth out of his lap. He looked up at his grandfather with his mouth agape. Blood poured out of the hole and waterfalled over his bottom lip and down to his chin.

Angus produced a goofy grin.

"Aye, you may not act like a skipper but at least now you look like one!"

His fat, blubbering belly shook up and down as he laughed.

"Now, get going to the docks... you've got a lot of work to do before we can set sail again!"

---

The sun sat still high in the sky, hot and unforgiving - another beautiful sunny day in Port Llast.

Johnny dragged his feet all the way down to the docks.

The boy was timid, but not so afraid that he could be downright deadly if he wanted to be. He was like his grandfather in that way. His dark, auburn hair shone in the sun and his dark green eyes sparkled like two emeralds. He wore a dusty blue tunic with the sleeves torn off, as well as a wide, green headband that lifted his long hair upwards.

He held a lot of promise, but he always seemed to fall short of his brother, Peter.
Peter was only a few years older but had already managed to become a ship captain.
Johnny wanted nothing more than to sail the sea in a ship of his own, but he figured he may soon give up and join the service instead.
At least then he would be able to be good at something.

Angus slapped Johnny across the back of his head.

Johnny shook his head and remembered where he was to, looking up to see a huge, broken vessel lay toppled in front of him.

"Wake up, boy! Stop daydreaming! I have some new crew members I want to introduce you to..."
